Enable snapshot by default (#529)
desmos-labs/desmos: docs/fullnode/setup.md

trust_period = "168h0m0s"
```

## (Optional) Edit snapshot config

> Currently, the `snapshot` feature is open by the default. It allows other nodes to rapidly join the network with downloading the application state at given block height.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, the `snapshot` feature is open by the default. It allows other nodes to quickly join the network by syncing the application state at given block height.
```

> 
> Currently, the `snapshot` feature is open by the default. It allows other nodes to quickly join the network by syncing the application state at given block height.
> In oder to edit snapshot config, you will have to edit a couple of things inside your `~/.desmos/config/app.toml` file,
> under the `state-sync` section:
> 
> ```toml
> # snapshot-interval specifies the block interval at which local state sync snapshots are
> # taken (0 to disable). Must be a multiple of pruning-keep-every.
> snapshot-interval = 500
> 
> # snapshot-keep-recent specifies the number of recent snapshots to keep and serve (0 to keep all).
> snapshot-keep-recent = 2
> ```
> 
> **Note: Make sure that snapshot-interval must be a multiple of pruning-keep-every in the `base` section**
> 
> ```toml
> pruning-keep-recent = "100"
> pruning-keep-every = "500"
> pruning-interval = "10"
> ```
> 
> You can find out more about pruning [here](./overview.md#understanding-pruning).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Currently, the `snapshot` feature is enabled by the default. This means that your node will periodically create snapshots of the chain state and make them public, allowing other nodes to quickly join the network by syncing the application state at a given height.

By default, we have set Desmos to take snapshots every 500 blocks, and persist the last 2 snapshots, deleting older ones. If you want to provide other nodes with more (or less) frequent snapshots, you can do this by editing a couple of things inside your `~/.desmos/config/app.toml` file, under the `state-sync` section:

```toml
# snapshot-interval specifies the block interval at which local state sync snapshots are
# taken (0 to disable). Must be a multiple of pruning-keep-every.
snapshot-interval = 500

# snapshot-keep-recent specifies the number of recent snapshots to keep and serve (0 to keep all).
snapshot-keep-recent = 2
```

**Note: Make sure that snapshot-interval is a multiple of `pruning-keep-every` in the `base` section**

```toml
pruning-keep-recent = "100"
pruning-keep-every = "500"
pruning-interval = "10"
```

You can find out more about pruning [here](./overview.md#understanding-pruning).
```

> The more information about pruning is [here](./overview.md#understanding-pruning).

Reviewer: ```suggestion 
You can find out more about pruning [here](./overview.md#understanding-pruning).
```
